Change .nvmrc and documentation for Node.js version (LTS to 14.18.1) (#36744)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/getting-started/devenv/README.md

```

Quit and restart terminal

> Install node version (14x).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Node.js v14.
```

> Install node version (14.18.1).

Reviewer: I think we can keep this paragraph as is. See https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/. Node 14 is considered Maintenance LTS release.

For Mac and Linux, it is recommended to use the [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) (nvm). Using `nvm` to install node allows installing specific versions, plus installs locally in your home directory and avoids any global permission issues.

> For Windows, or alternative installs, you can [download a Nodejs installer](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) directly from the main Node.js website, the version (14x) is recommended. Installers are available for Windows and Mac, and binaries available for Linux. See Node.js site for additional installation methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows, or alternative installs, you can [download a Nodejs installer](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) directly from the main Node.js website, v14 is recommended. Installers are available for Windows and Mac, and binaries available for Linux. See Node.js site for additional installation methods.
```

<img src="https://developer.wordpress.org/files/2020/07/git-install-prompt.png" alt="Mac git command requies command line developer tools" width="400" height="195"/>

> After installing nvm, you need to use it to install node, to install the version (14x) of node, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing nvm, you need to use it to install Node.js, to install v14, run:
```

After creating the profile file, re-run the install command:

```sh
nvm install 14
```

The important part after installing is being able to use them in your terminal. Open a terminal command-line and type `node -v` and `npm -v` to confirm they are installed.

```sh
> node -v

> v14.x.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v14.18.1
```

> npm -v

> 6.x.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.14.15
```

```

> Your versions may not match exactly, that is fine. The minimum version for node is >= 10.x and for npm >= 6.9x, using the current version (14x) will be supported until upgrade is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your versions may not match exactly, that is fine. The minimum version for Node.js is >= 12 and for npm >= 6.9, using v14 will be supported until upgrade is required.
```
